if you guys are looking for cheap and
reliable coins make sure you check out
www crazy cheap coins com use the disc
hunk o aj for five percent off link will
be down in the description hey what is
going on everybody it is fresh and
welcome back to another player of you're
not today's player review it's gonna be
able informed Tony Cruz now I had to do
this pair of you just because looking at
its engage says they were just
absolutely insane immediate excellent
long shots I mean high shot power as
well and I have to be honest i am lee
sucker for long shots in this year's
fifa so of course at the review so let's
go ahead and start off with his mental
physical attributes i mean they have
some very solid ones one in particular
is 90 vision which i will talk about
into the plan review and then on a skill
attributes I mean clearly it's just a
sea of green like every set of needs to
be Green is green even has some decent
tackles on them as well Firestar week
with the three-star skill media me to
work right so you can pretty much play
them at the cam center min or CD
information if you really wanted to then
finally the specialties I mean he has a
lot of specialties he also has a long
shot take retreats let's go and talk
first off this guy shooting is fantastic
I mean seriously his long shots oh my
gosh this got some killer long shots
absolutely love down me you just see a
couple of nights long shots that guy
with him seriously shooting from a
distance with them it's just so much fun
because they just go in they just dip
however sometimes that did happen to me
Bob like me not every long shot you're
gonna take is gonna go in but with crews
a lot of them can go in so I did
definitely like that about them all saw
some really great finishing inside the
box as well so you can rely on this guy
inside and outside the box not only that
but he has like 85 free kick accuracy as
well so taking free kicks this guy is
just pretty much grateful for anything
related to shooting so definitely one
thing I did like a bottom now his best
trade if you actually it's probably his
passing seriously his passing is
absolutely immense 9090 vision on him
like 93 long passing 90 short passing or
something like that I don't know his
passing SATs are just absolutely
ridiculous you'll just see this one clip
here where i was i still wonder how he
found the player how did he get that
through ball through like
is made no sense his passing is just
absolutely insane you i mean i just
cannot explain it that much i mean
absolutely love this passing grade
crossing on him as well i mean i score
off a couple of corners from him so I
definitely did like that about him
because once again I mean I feel like
it's kind of hard to squirt off corners
so with cruising is 88 crossing it
definitely made things a lot easier for
me that's moving on he has some very
solid dribble on them as well me
definitely a bigger upgrade than last
FIFA's last FIFA I don't know why his
dribbling just did not seem like it was
that good but this free foot it
definitely felt like it was good because
I I almost pretty much ran through the
entire team was rated up to his next
point his paces pace was I mean it feels
faster than what it shows on a car but
it definitely isn't that rapping I mean
the reason I was able to get through
places mainly because of his dribbling
because he does have some pretty good
dribbling in this game but pace wise I
mean he is actually really slow I mean
he's not as slow as a 50 pace he
probably feels like he's in like the 60s
which actually isn't bad because I
normally do not mind pace and
midfielders but some people do but I
mean this guy's just a very excellent
part even had some decent strength on
them and it also has five star weekly
not only comes really once again as his
pace and he has three star skill moves
but that is pretty much it i mean this
guy's a very same fantastic pool if you
wait for this guy's price to drop down
assuring it be worth it i pick him up
for about 20 to 50 k and i'm sure its
price will go down as the week is going
but nevertheless guys this is fresh hope
you guys enjoyed the third upload for
today let me know anything i can do to
make these previews more better
entertaining for you guys and it's
always thanks for watching the arm out
hope you guys enjoy the video peace